**aws-ubuntu.pkr.hcl** - This script is designed to create a basic Ubuntu image. While there's no difference between the AMI provided by AWS and the AMI generated by this script, it serves as a valuable example to help you understand how to create and utilize a Packer build file effectively.  
    Commands to run:
    
        packer init aws-ubuntu.pkr.hcl
        packer validate aws-ubuntu.pkr.hcl
        packer build aws-ubuntu.pkr.hcl
        
**aws-ubuntu-apache2.pkr.hcl**- This script is designed to install Apache2 on top of the standard AMI provided by AWS. It provides a practical example of how to enhance a basic AMI with additional software, offering a hands-on approach to configuring your server environment using Packer.   
    Commands to run:
    
        packer init aws-ubuntu-apache2.pkr.hcl
        packer validate aws-ubuntu-apache2.pkr.hcl
        packer build aws-ubuntu-apache2.pkr.hcl
        
**aws-ubuntu-apache2-variable.pkr.hcl**- This script demonstrates how to effectively use variables within a Packer build file, providing a practical example to simplify and customize your image building process. It highlights the flexibility and efficiency gained by parameterizing values, making your scripts more maintainable and adaptable to different environments.   
    Commands to run:
    
        packer init aws-ubuntu-apache2-variable.pkr.hcl
        packer validate aws-ubuntu-apache2-variable.pkr.hcl
        packer build -var 'region=eu-west-1' aws-ubuntu-apache2-variable.pkr.hcl
        
**aws-ubuntu-apache2-variable-file.pkr.hcl** - This example demonstrates how to utilize variables within a file to execute a Packer build script. The process involves the aws-ubuntu-variables.pkrvars.hcl file, which contains the defined variables and their respective values.  
	Commands to run:
    
        packer init aws-ubuntu-apache2-variable-file.pkr.hcl
        packer validate aws-ubuntu-apache2-variable-file.pkr.hcl
        packer build -var-file="aws-ubuntu-variables.pkrvars.hcl" aws-ubuntu-apache2-variable-file.pkr.hcl
