Disclaimer: update your own password in packer file and bootstrap_win.txt file.

**aws-windows.pkr.hcl** - This script is designed to create a basic windows image. While there's no difference between the AMI provided by AWS and the AMI generated by this script, it serves as a valuable example to help you understand how to create and utilize a Packer build file effectively.
    Commands to run:
    
        packer init aws-windows.pkr.hcl
        packer validate aws-windows.pkr.hcl
        packer build aws-windows.pkr.hcl
        
**aws-windows-apache24.pkr.hcl**- This script is designed to install Apache2 on top of the standard AMI provided by AWS. It provides a practical example of how to enhance a basic AMI with additional software, offering a hands-on approach to configuring your server environment using Packer. Script will use bootstrap script to enable inflow traffic to AWS Windows AMI and provisoner to install apache using powershell script.

    Commands to run:
    
        packer init aws-windows-apache24.pkr.hcl
        packer validate aws-windows-apache24.pkr.hcl
        packer build aws-windows-apache24.pkr.hcl
        
        
**aws-windows-apache24-variable-file.pkr.hcl** - This example demonstrates how to utilize variables within a file to execute a Packer build script. The process involves the aws-windows-variables.pkrvars.hcl file, which contains the defined variables and their respective values.  
	Commands to run:
    
        packer init aws-windows-apache24-variable-file.pkr.hcl
        packer windows aws-ubuntu-apache24-variable-file.pkr.hcl
        packer build -var-file="aws-windows-variables.pkrvars.hcl" aws-windows-apache24-variable-file.pkr.hcl
        or 
        packer build -var 'region=eu-west-1' -var 'communicator=winrm' aws-windows-apache24-variable.pkr.hcl
